Chapter 6

The truck that the doctor had pointed Erik and Scott toward was at the opposite
side of the encampment from where they had first encountered the group. While
the other vehicles that they could see were unmodified, the command station
looked to have been completely overhauled to serve as a mobile security,
intelligence, and communications base. The tires on the truck had been replaced
with treads, and a cowcatcher welded to the front of the vehicle shone with a
metallic gleam where the sun hit the small areas not already stained a rusty
brown from accumulated dirt and gore. The small step customarily located below
the drivers side door had been replaced with two small metalic hoops attached
to chains, and the winshield had been covered by a cage of welded steel rebar.
The trailer, too, had been made over. The end nearest the cab had been cut away
to make room for four 1000 gallon propane tanks, three of which had been welded
together and connected via metal tubing to the main fuel tanks on the side of
the truck. The entire roof had been given a slant toward the rear of the
trailer where a funnel fed into a tank mounted along the drivers side. A mixed
assortment of antennas had been mounted on top of the trailer along with an
array of solar panels and a pair of propane generators. The rear doors had been
replaced with a single large door which was currently raised open, allowing
access. As they circled around they saw than elaborate cable and pully system
allowed the door to be pulled up from the inside, and a quick release pin and
latch system that would allow anyone in the vehicle to release the door to fall
down into place.

As they walked past the opening in the rear of the trailer they saw Jason hop
down from inside and approach them.

"So, I guess you two check out- what about your friends?" He asked

"No bites, but they need a little patching up" Erik replied. He still wasn't
sure that he could trust them, and if it came down to it he'd rather not let on
that one of them had busted ribs and another a potentially serious infection.

"Well, I'm sure they'll be along them" Jason replied, then gesturing with a
tilt of his head toward the interior of the trailer he added "Let's go have a
chat for a minute."

Jasons demeanor was still rigid, but less agressive than it had been when he had
first encountered the four on the road. Although whatever danger the group
might pose didn't seem immediate to Erik, he would still have preferred to get
back on the road and miles between them and this group, but Sam and Amanda were
still getting treated, and he wasn't sure how amenable Jason and the others
would be to letting them leave without an interrogation, friendly or otherwise.

The interior of the trailer had been overhauled in the same utilitarian
patchwork style as the outside. LED lamp hung from the ceiling. Against the far
wall a nylon mesh held in place several dozen green ammo boxes, and mounted on
the wall adjacent was a rack with an assortment of weapons ranging from
military issue MP5 submachineguns to .22 calibre hunting rifles. Further down,
on both sides of the trailer, desks had been welded on hinges so that they
could be unfolded from the wall at need. Judging by the stack of thin
prison-style mattresses stacked in one corner, they also doubled as cots.
