Chapter 5

The sun was just nearing the horizon as the group saw the farmland to the sides
of the road transition into houses on the outskirts of the town. From the front
of the truck Sam and Erik could see something blocking the road on the horizon
ahead.

As they got closer they saw the outline of a semi that had been parked across
the road, blocking traffic. Three men in BDUs stood at the front of the
trailer, weapons held in front of them with the barrels pointing to the ground.

Sam slowed to a stop as they approached the barricade and rolled down the
window to speak to the soldier who approached them. He was tall, with short
blond hair and green eyes, and walked with an aggressive stride as he
approached the truck.  When he spoke it was with a thick but indistinct accent
that sounded like a Midwestern accent mixed with a southern drawl.

"I'm going to need you to exit the vehicle." There was no hint of a request to
his statement, and the group complied. "Ain't s'posed to be no one out here now
or ain't you heard the radio and TV?". "No, I'm sorry we-" Scott started, but
the man cut across him. "Identify yourselves." he said.  "Technical Sergeant
Talman, USAF"; "Technical Sergeant Weiss, USAF"; "Captain Ingmann, US Army".
Erik, Sam and Amanda answered quickly. "Dr. Thompson" Scott said. The man paced
back and forth in front of them.

The man looked pensive and said to them "Wait here a minute." Then walked off
to consult with the other two, who had been hanging back watching the
interaction. None of them were able to make out what was being said, however
the gestures and stance of the men made it clear that they were debating how to
proceed. A few moments later the tall blond soldier was back.

"Look, we ain't got any news of anyone else s'posed to be operating out here,
so we can't let you through, but I'll have our field medic check y'all out and
if ya ain't been bit then we'll take ya back with us to HQ day after tomorrow
and you can try to get a hold of y'all's CO. If ya check out legit then fine,
otherwise the MPs'll know what ta do with ya. In the meantime though, I'm gonna
need you're sidearms and the keys to your vehicle."

The group was quiet for a half second when Amanda caught Sam's eye. "I'll grab
the keys" she said, and headed off to the truck. Scott handed over the Glock
they had taken from the truck and Erik handed over his sidearm. The man
turned to Sam "And yours." "Don't have one. We only had two pistols between
us." Sam answered. "Yeah, right. Arms in the air." He patted them down, more
forcefully than was necessary, until he was satisfied that none of them were
concealing any other weapons. Amanda returned with the keys to the truck. She
too was patted down, and then the group was led off past the trailer blocking
the road.

Beyond the first blockade they saw an ad-hoc camp that had been set up. There
were a few smaller delivery vans and a couple of SUVs parked along the side of
the road between the trailer they'd passed and another one situated in the same
way approximately a quarter mile down the road. The only person thay saw, aside
from the guard leading them, was a lanky middle aged man carrying a plastic box
who approached them.

He was wearing a dark blue tank top whose color didn't entirely conceal the
sweat stains around the armpits and collar of the shirt and the same camouflage
pants as the other men, but had rolled them up to the knees.  Instead of boots
he wore sneakers, and as he approached them they caught the stale smell of old
tobacco.

"Bring 'em this way Jay" he said, turning away and motioning lazily in the
direction of one of the larger trucks and the soldier lead them onto the truck.
"All yours doc" he said, and turned to head back to his post.

They sat on a small bench at the rear of the truck while the Doctor rummaged
through a metal cabinet that had been strapped to one side of the trailer. "We
can't do a full workup here" he said with his back to them, still shuffling
things around, "But I can at least get you your first set of shots and give you
a once over. "Ah, here we go" he added to himself. Turning around he flipped
open a lighter and ignited the tip of the cigarette he held between his lips.

"Shots for what?" Scott asked. "Vaccinations" he answered. "Vaccinations
against what?" Erik asked. "Do you have a vaccination against whatever is
causing..." Sam asked. "No, I don't. Somebody might, but if they do I haven't
heard about it." "Then" Amanda started.

The Doctor took another drag off his cigarette and pulled a cloth camping chair
away from a small makeshift desk over to sit in front of them. "We don't have a
vaccination for whatever is causing this, but there's more than one plague
going around right now. All this rot and filth, stuff that we'd thought was
practically wiped out, stuff that we haven't vaccinated people against in
years, has seen a resurgence. So, we're trying to vaccinate people." He pulled
a last drag off his cigarette and flipped the stump of still smoldering
tobacco out of the truck and stood up. "But first, off with your cloths and out
into the sunlight." "I'm sorry?" Scott said. "I Need to check you out, and the
light in here's not good enough. Strip down and head out into the sunlight."
the Doctor said. "But this is" Scott started to protest. "Look" the Doctor
interrupted, speaking with a harsh finality, "If you've been bitten, we need to
know, if you have any other injuries, we need to know, I need to check you out
so strip off and head out into the light."

As they undressed they noticed bruises that they'd only felt vaguely until now.
Erik noticed he had a number of cuts and scrapes on the shin of his left foot
from where he'd kicked the door in at the house. Amanda and Scott both had
bruises across their chests from the crash. "Fuck, Sam, that rib cracked?"
Erik said as he spotted the large swollen bruise on his left side. "Bruised
as a motherfucker, but not broken, tiny fracture at worst."

They walked single file out of the back of the truck and into the light. "Shit,
y'all need a goddamned tanning bed" the doctor said, mockingly shielding his
eyes. He circled them as a group first, perhaps as a form of triage, then
started to examine them individually. Erik and Scott he let go quickly,
instructing them to grab their clothes and report back to the man who had
brought them in. When he got to Sam he spent some time examining his bruised
rib- "We can't exactly put you in a body cast but we ought to wrap that. Wait
for me back in the truck." He also took time over Amanda. Sam though he was
taking advantage of the situation as he carefully felt her lymph nodes- around
her neck, under her arms, inside her thighs- until, with a new gravity, he
asked her to accompany Sam back to the truck.
