Chapter 6

The truck that the doctor had pointed Erik and Scott toward was at the opposite
side of the encampment from where they had first encountered the group. While
the other vehicles that they could see were unmodified, the command station
looked to have been completely overhauled to serve as a mobile security,
intelligence, and communications base. The tires on the truck had been replaced
with treads, and a cowcatcher welded to the front of the vehicle shone with a
metallic gleam where the sun hit the small areas not already stained a rusty
brown from accumulated dirt and gore. The small step customarily located below
the drivers side door had been replaced with two small metalic hoops attached
to chains, and the winshield had been covered by a cage of welded steel rebar.
The trailer, too, had been made over. The end nearest the cab had been cut away
to make room for four 1000 gallon propane tanks, three of which had been welded
together and connected via metal tubing to the main fuel tanks on the side of
the truck. The entire roof had been given a slant toward the rear of the
trailer where a funnel fed into a tank mounted along the drivers side. A mixed
assortment of antennas had been mounted on top of the trailer along with an
array of solar panels and a pair of propane generators. The rear doors had been
replaced with a single large door which was currently raised open, allowing
access. As they circled around they saw than elaborate cable and pully system
allowed the door to be pulled up from the inside, and a quick release pin and
latch system that would allow anyone in the vehicle to release the door to fall
down into place.

As they walked past the opening in the rear of the trailer they saw Jason hop
down from inside and approach them.

"So, I guess you two check out- what about your friends?" He asked

"No bites, but they need a little patching up" Erik replied. He still wasn't
sure that he could trust them, and if it came down to it he'd rather not let on
that one of them had busted ribs and another a potentially serious infection.

"Well, I'm sure they'll be along" Jason replied, then gesturing with a tilt of
his head toward the interior of the trailer he added "Let's go have a chat for
a minute."

Jasons demeanor was still rigid, but less agressive than it had been when he had
first encountered the four on the road. Although whatever danger the group
might pose didn't seem immediate to Erik, he would still have preferred to get
back on the road and miles between them and this group, but Sam and Amanda were
still getting treated, and he wasn't sure how amenable Jason and the others
would be to letting them leave without an interrogation, friendly or otherwise.

The interior of the trailer had been overhauled in the same utilitarian
patchwork style as the outside. A single LED lamp hung from the ceiling.
Against the far wall a nylon mesh held in place several dozen green ammo boxes,
and mounted on the wall adjacent was a rack with an assortment of weapons
ranging from military issue MP5 submachineguns to .22 calibre hunting rifles.
Further down, on both sides of the trailer, desks had been welded on hinges so
that they could be unfolded from the wall at need. Judging by the stack of thin
prison-style mattresses stacked in one corner, they also doubled as cots.

Jason sat on a stool in front of the single desk that had been lowered. On it
sat a laptop, a miniature projector, and a radio handset. Erik and Scott
grabbed nearby stools and sat, waiting for him to speak.

"Well, I s'pose I should welcome you ta mobile station alpha." Jason said.
"And, I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to get your names again."

"Captain Erik Ingman" Erik said. "I'm Doctor Scott Thompson" Scott added on his
heels.

"Jason Tagget", he held out his hand, giving both Scott and Erik a handshake
that was firmer than strictly necessary.

"So, you're not military" Erik stated.

"Not all of us, no." he replied, then in answer to the questioning looks he
added "There are a few guys who were military, a few cops, most of us are just
guys trying to get along. We're not what you'd call a formal organization."

"Militia?" Scott asked.

"Heh, I'd say not. There were a few militia guys down here before all hell
broke loose. If they've finished jerking themselves off to all this
end-of-the-world shit they always fantasized about then I'd guess they're holed
up in a bunker somewhere, but as far as I know none of them are with us."

Erik had expected an interrogation, and was surprised by the conversational
tone of the discussion thus far. "So, who is 'us', or I guess I should say, who
are you?".

"Well, I was fixin' to ask you the same thing, but I guess fair is fair. 'Us'
is what's left of the people around here. When the shit hit the fan we were
lucky enough to lag behind the wave of infection- for a while. Some left, tried
to head up north, trying to make it to a safe zone. Some of us who stayed
figured that a full-on outbreak would hit us before long, so we started this
group here to try to set up a safe zone of our own."

"What do you mean safe zone?" Scott asked.

"What do you mean what do I mean? The safe zones the military set up! Closest
one was about 200 miles northeast by whiteman airforce base." Jason answered.

"We haven't heard about that." Scott replied.

"I'll add that to the growin' list of things that don't add up about y'all."
Jason said.

"Growing list?" Erik raised an eyebrow.

"Yeah, like what the hell you're doing with four of you in a truck like you was
in, with hardly any firepower, heading into a city, dressed like your from the
north pole, pretending to be military."

Outside of the trailer they heard the muffled report of a silenced rifle firing
several rounds in quick succession. Erik and Scott turned to look out of the
trailer while Jason stood. "Wait here a minute, I need to check out those
shots" he said, walking past them.  Erik and Scott listened and caught a
distand and muffled version of the dressing down that Jason was giving the man
who had fired the shots.  Although they were unable to get any details, it was
evident that there was some protocol dictating the use of firearms, and it had
apparently been violated.  It was only a couple of minutes before Jason stepped
back into trailer.  "Sorry about that" he said, resuming his seat on the stool
across from them.

"Now, as I was sayin' before that interruption, there's a lot about y'all that
don't make sense.  Y'ain't caused any trouble for me or mine so far, and that's
somethin', but we gotta stay sharp.  Not everyone that's given us trouble's
lacked a heartbeat if you get my drift, an' frankly I don't see who y'all could
be if you're not from one'a them group'a jackoff wannabe bandits, so I'm gonna
lay it out for ya clear as I can.  There are some in this camp, an' even more
back at town, who'd just assume shoot y'all as look at ya.  Shootin's a lot
easier than trustin' these days.  Me, well somehow I ended up incharge, of some
of us at least, and while I sympathize with those'a us who'd rather not take
the risk of trustin' a group'a strangers, in the end I think losin' our sense'a
justice an' compassion's prob'ly tha more dangerous thing.  So, here's the
deal- you tell me who y'all are, where ya come from, and what you're doin' out
here, and if you can put my mind at ease then come tomorrow mornin' you can
have your guns an' your truck and be back on your way.  Fail to put my mind at
ease and, well, justice and compassion are fickle friends in a time of crisis."

Erik looked at Scott, sighed, then turned his glance to the floor of the truck.
"And I suppose we're not going to see our friends until you're satisfied
either, are we?"

Jasons answer was more dejected than threatening "No, no you ain't; I got one
of my guys talkin' to them, or will be more like.  Whatever you say, you best
hope that your stories match up"

"Alright, well look, we don't have anything to hide, and we're obviously not in
any position to fight our way out of this" Erik started "but, you've been
reluctant to hear us out before when we said who we are.  I know our story
sounds a little out there, but you seem like your trying to be a fair man, so
hear us out."

Jason nodded and motioned for Erik to continue

"As I mentioned, tech sargeants Weiss and Talman and I are airforce, I'm the
ranking officer among us.  Dr. Thompson here is a civilian.  We were in a plane
that went down a few miles southeast of here on our way to Andrews.  We had
been stationed at the Munroe research station in Anarctica and had been
experiencing limited communications for the last couple of months, so before we
got on the plane yesterday we had no idea what was going on.  In the last- how
long's it been?  I dunno the last day we've been in a plane crash because one
of the pilots died, then got up and started eating the other one, been set upon
by a handful more of wandering corpses, and then disarmed and distrusted by all
of you."  As he finished, Eriks voice started to break and the stress of the
last days was visible as he rested his forehead in the palms of his hands.

Jason looked at Erik for a while and then said "Man, look, I gotta say that
what you say sounds jus' batshit crazy, but you talk like a man who believes
what he's sayin'  We still gotta talk to yer friends but in tha mean time why
don't I take you to yer accomdations.  They're not gonna be plesant but I can
at least promise that they're not gonna be any worse than they have'ta be"

Jason and one of the armed men that had been milling around outside of the
trailer escorted Erik and Scott to another semi trailer, this one modified to
act as a makeshift prison.  On one side heavy bars had been welded along the
lenth of the trailer, creating a row of holding cells each just large enough
for a grown man to stand in.  On the other side was an open area with a few
thin blankets and a 10 gallon bucket sitting in one corner.  This area was also
cordoned off near the front with welded bars and a makeshift door. Erik and
Scott walked up the wooden steps that had been affixed to the back of the
trailer at the prompting of Jason and the other man.  They made no overt tempts
to resist, and their captors in turn seemed to avoid any overt shows of force.
Once the door was shut and locked behind them the guard seemed to leave with
Jason, leaving Erik and Scott alone in the prison trailer.
