Chapter 4

The sun directly overhead was welcome on their shoulders as they traipsed
single file down Route V headed due west. They had left the plane behind an
hour ago and had yet to see any sign of civilization aside from the fenced in
tilled fields and telephone poles spaced out every few hundred feet along the
side of the road. No sign of life, or unlife, had greeted them since the
previous evening, and under the clear blue sky and wispy clouds, breathing in
the smell of rain-washed earth the group found themselves optimistic about the
future. Nearing the top of a slowly climbing hill they saw a glint of sunlight
coming from the metal top or side of some building set back in the fields off
in the distance. Approaching they saw a long winding driveway leading back to a
farmhouse and a collection of buildings.

"Think we should check it out?" Scot asked from the middle of the line.

"Couldn't hurt to see if anybody's home I guess." Sam said from behind him,
adding "I know I could do with a glass of water."

As they neared the end of the driveway they saw a mud spattered blue Ford F-350
parked in front of the house.

"Looks like someone's home" Amanda said.

Continuing forward they saw that the front door was hanging open. Erik, who was
leading the group, put up a hand to indicate that they should stop. Amanda,
seeing him unlatch the strap on his holster readied her weapon and moved from
from the rear of the group to join him.

"We gonna go check it out?" she asked Erik.

"I'll go check it out, wait out here in case any unfrendlies show up. How many
shots you got?"

"Twelve, you?"

"Eight. Swap?" she asked, looking at his weapon.

"I think I'll be fine. If eight shots won't do it I'll be hightailing it outta
there anyway." Erik answered.

Taking a few steps toward the front door he turned to the group and said "Okay,
I'll see if there's anyone inside. If I come out running try to keep up." He
gave a half-chuckle, hoping he wouldn't regret the joke.

Walking up the steps onto the porch, Erik could see the inside of the living
room. Nothing looked out of place, and he knocked on the inside of the open
door and said "Hello?" before stepping in. Unlike the images he had in his mind
of quaint old farmhouses with wood burning stoves and rich mahogany furniture
this house had a sleek modern look. To his left he saw the interior of the
kitchen, with granite counter tops and stainless steel appliances. To the right
a large plasma screen TV hung from the wall between cases full of DVDs in front
of a black leather sofa that sat on finely polished hard-wood floors. He
checked the corners of the room, looking for any signs of movement, but there
was nothing. Down a hallway the right was a bathroom. Carefully checking to
ensure nobody, or nothing, was laying in wait he stepped in. On a whim he
turned the faucet on and water came pouring out of the tap. He cupped some in
his hands and took a drink. The house either ran on a well, or the city water
was still flowing. He decided to empty his bladder before continuing through
the rest of the house.

At first he thought it was the plumbing knocking when he flushed the toilet.
Perhaps the water hadn't been flowing and what had come out of the tap was the
water that had been sitting in the pipes. Then he heard it again. Thud.
Silence. Thud, thud. The house wasn't as empty as he'd thought. Back in he
hallway he stood, barely breathing, listening for the sound again. It was
coming from behind the closed door at the end of the hallway.

Erik's reason fought his instinct as he looked at the closed door. His
training, and his experiences back at the plane told him that it was better to
control the situation. Better he go in and put down the ghouls than leave them
to possibly attack him or another member of the group at unawares. His training
told him to confront the situation, but every nerve and muscle fiber in his
being told him to do anything he could do to avoid a confrontation with the
ghouls. The fact was that, by all appearances the house had been abandoned, but
there might be supplies that the group could use. They needed water, urgently.
They had no flashlights, no radio, only a sparsely detailed topographical map
of the area, and no idea what was really going on in the outside world. They
needed to be able to search the house safely, and that meant clearing out the
room.

Kicking in the door, he his gun raised in anticipation of the onslaught,
readying himself for the battle to come. A wave of relief came over him. There
was only a single ghoul. He could see the source of the banging- someone had
tied the ghoul to a bed, it's struggles apparently knocking the headboard
against the wall. It had been a woman, probably in her early forties. Her hair
was matted with blood, her face swollen on the left side, a t-shirt had been
stuffed down her throat and fixed with duct tape. She was naked from the waist
down, and Erik could see bruises in the bloodless skin on her legs and hips.
She was bound, her wrists and ankles strapped to the posts on the bed. As he
got closer he could see that the restraints against her arms and legs weren't
cuffed around her. Metal spikes had been driven through her wrists and ankles.
Erik could see where the creature's struggles against the restraints had worn
quarter-sized holes in its wrists.

He performed some quick mental arithmetic. The creature needed to be put down,
but bullets were in short supply. He surveyed the room. A glint of light from
the top of the dresser in the far corner of the room caught his eye. Three
swords sat on a display on the dresser. He crossed the room quickly, giving the
bed and the struggling woman on it a wide berth. The sword felt light in his
hand, it was probably cheaply made but it should do the job. It was only a few
steps to the bed, but he made them slowly and deliberately. The creatures
struggles made it difficult to aim for a jab, so he gingerly lowered the sword
from above until it was making contact with one of the creatures milky vacant
eyes before thrusting it into the brain. He shuddered as he felt the sword
scraping the bone of the eye socket as he drove it into the skull, and sighed
with relief as the struggling creature went limp.

Back in the hallway, Erik listened for any other sounds inside the house.
Hearing nothing, he finished his sweep and then walked back out to meet up with
the rest of the group.

"Empty?" Sam asked Erik as he stepped out onto the front porch.

"One, tied up, managed to take it out without a shot." He answered, then asked
"Everything quiet out here?"

"Seems to be" Scott answered.

"But I'd like to know who that truck belongs to" Amanda said.

"Yeah" Erik answered. "Someone tied that ghoul up, and it looked like they did
it postmortem."

"Well, does there appear to be anything useful inside?" Scott asked.

"Water's on. Didn't check much beyond that, figured after I'd scanned the place
the search'd go faster if we all looked."

Once inside the house, the group went quickly to the work of searching for
useful supplies. After taking anything that seemed potentially useful they
stopped, debating on whether to keep going or stop and rest until the next
morning. Erik felt that even though they had several hours of daylight left,
there was no guarantee they would make it to town before nightfall. It was
better, he said, to rest somewhere with shelter than to take the chance of
being forced to sleep in the middle of a field. Sam countered that with the
truck they would certainly be able to make it to town before night fell, and
even if not they could take turns sleeping in the truck while someone stood
guard.

"But we don't have keys for the truck." Amanda reminded Sam when he brought
this up again.

"I still think we could hotwire it" Sam retorted.

"Nah, that's a new vehicle. They won't start up unless you have a key with the
right electronic signature." Erik said.

"Wait" Scott said, then without finishing his thought he stood up from the
chair at the kitchen table where he sat talking with the group and darted down
the hallway. Amanda and Erik followed him as he ran into the bathroom. Digging
through the laundry hamper he pulled out an oversized pair of denim jeans and
dug into the pockets. A second later a jingling greeted their ears as he pulled
out a set of keys.

"With the number of times I've put my wallet and keys through the wash" he
said, "I should have thought about this earlier."

The group spent the next hour loading supplies into the bed of the truck while
debating whether to head out or stay in the house for the rest of the evening.
In the end they deciding that the lack of ammunition was a more pressing threat
than the darkness, they agreed to press forward and head into town.

After Amanda and Scott had secured themselves in the back of the truck, and
Erik had seated himself on the passenger side of the cloth bench seat in the
front Sam turned the key. He watched the red arm on the fuel gage rise to the
full mark and shouted through the open back window that they should have plenty
of gas to get to town.

While Sam pulled the truck around and headed down the driveway Erik began to
look through the vehicles' console and glove box.

"Score!" Erik said, withdrawing a 9mm Glock. "Magazine's full" he added,
inspecting it.

Erik handed the weapon to Scott through the back window as Sam pulled out of
the long driveway and onto the main road.
